.TH mg_get 1 "15 May 1994"
.SH NAME
mg_get \- output source texts for processing
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mg_get
.I collection-name
.if n .ti +9n
[
.BR \-init " |"
.BR \-i " |"
.BR \-text " |"
.BR \-t " |"
.BR \-cleanup " |"
.B  \-c
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program is the default one used by
.BR mgbuild (1)
to generate the source text for the
.BR mg (1)
system.  Any program may be used to generate the source
text for
.BR mgbuild (1),
as long as it confirms to the interface specified
here.
.SH OPTIONS
The
.I collection-name
must appear before any other option.  Only the first option has any
significance.  If no option is specified,
.B \-text
is assumed.
.TP "\w'\fB\-cleanup\fP and \fB\-c\fP'u+2n"
.BR \-init " and " \-i
The program is called once with this flag at the start of building a
collection.
.TP
.BR \-text " and " \-t
The program is called with this flag multiple times during the
building of a collection.  The program outputs (on
.IR stdout )
the text of the collection.
.I Documents
within the collection are separated by ctrl-B's (ASCII code 2).
.I Paragraphs
within the collection are separated by ctrl-C's (ASCII code 3).  A
collection need not contain paragraphs, unless a level-3 inverted file
is being generated (see
.BR mgbuild (1)
and
.BR mg_passes (1)).
.TP
.BR \-cleanup " and " \-c
The program is called once with this flag at the completion of
building a collection.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP "\w'\fBMGDATA\fP'u+2n"
.SB MGDATA
If this environment variable exists, then its value is used as the
default directory where the
.BR mg (1)
collection files are.  If this variable does not exist, then the
directory \*(lq\fB.\fP\*(rq is used by default.  The command line
option
.BI \-d " directory"
overrides the directory in
.BR MGDATA .
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.na
.BR mg (1),
.BR mg_compression_dict (1),
.BR mg_fast_comp_dict (1),
.BR mg_invf_dict (1),
.BR mg_invf_dump (1),
.BR mg_invf_rebuild (1),
.BR mg_passes (1),
.BR mg_perf_hash_build (1),
.BR mg_text_estimate (1),
.BR mg_weights_build (1),
.BR mgbilevel (1),
.BR mgbuild (1),
.BR mgdictlist (1),
.BR mgfelics (1),
.BR mgquery (1),
.BR mgstat (1),
.BR mgtic (1),
.BR mgticbuild (1),
.BR mgticdump (1),
.BR mgticprune (1),
.BR mgticstat (1).
